=head1 NAME 

Kwiki::CoolURI - makes the Kwiki url cleaner

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 $ cd /path/to/kwiki
 $ kwiki -add Kwiki::CoolURI

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Changes the internal links that Kwiki create. Instead of
/index.cgi?SandBox, it will just be /SandBox.

It only changes the url for the display plugin. Edit will still look
like /index.cgi?action=edit&page_name=SandBox.

=head2 Configuration

Kwiki needs to be able to read request on the form /SandBox. With
Apache this can be solved by putting the following mod_rewrite config
in a .htaccess file in the directory where index.cgi is located.

 RewriteEngine  on
 RewriteCond    $1 !(css/|icons/|index.cgi|local/|palm90.png|plugin/|theme/)
 RewriteRule    ^(.*)$ index.cgi?action=display&page_name=$1 [L]

If you add new top directories, or files, that you still want to be
readable, you have to add them in the RewriteCond.

=head1 BUGS

Does not currently fix the redirect that for instance happens after an
edit.

Should use new Kwiki 0.37 hooks.

The mod_rewrite config could probably be better.

The code is just copied from the original methods and slightly changed
to output different urls. If Kwiki had a way to configure what the
link urls should look like, this plugin wouldn't be needed.

=head1 AUTHOR

Jon Aslund L<http://jon.aslund.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2005. Jon Aslund. All rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

=head1 SEE ALSO

Cool URIs don't change L<http://www.w3.org/Provider/Style/URI.html>
