=head1 NAME

Kwiki::JSLog - Provides JSLog library for Kwiki

=head1 SYNOPSIS

This module should be optional and only really needed for developers of your
module. For this reason it does not load itself and therefore it is not
automatically included in the list of javascript files. Your module must
dynamically load the javascript file this module provides if it is needed.
The Kwiki-TableOfContents module provides a great example code for doing this.
The example code requires the prototype library and the scriptaculous library
but code could easy be created that does not depend on these libraries. Below
is the example code:

        debug = Prototype.emptyFunction;
        jslog = new Object();
        $A(['debug', 'info', 'warning', 'error', 'text']).each(function(func) {
                jslog[func] = Prototype.emptyFunction;
        });
        if (location.href.match(/jslog\=enable/)) {
                Scriptaculous.require('javascript/jslog.js');
        }

As you can see jslog.js is not included unless jslog=enable is in the URL
requested. Since a normal use will never request a URL with that in it then
the library will never be used. But to enable the log simply install this module
in the Kwiki installation and add that to your URLs. Empty functions are used
when this library is not included allowing you to leave your logging code in
the production modules.

=head1 AUTHOR

Eric Anderson, C<< <eric at cordata.com> >>

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Andre Lewis for developing the JSLog library. Without it debugging in
Javascript would have been much harder while working in IE.

=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

Copyright 2006 CorData, all rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as Perl itself. See http://www.perl.com/perl/misc/Artistic.html
