=head1 NAME

Kwiki::Edit::SubEtha - SubEthaEdit Plugin for Kwiki

=head1 VERSION

This document describes version 0.02 of Kwiki::Edit::SubEtha, released
July 27, 2004.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

A live SubEthaKwiki is available at L<http://wiki.oreillynet.com/oscon/>
for the duration of O'Reilly Open Source Convention 2004.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head2 SubEtha Machine

You need OS X 10.3 or above, with I<UI Scripting> enabled; see
L<http://www.apple.com/applescript/uiscripting/01.html> for instructions
on how to enable it.

Tweak the configuration constants in F<script/subethakwiki.pl> and run it.
It will do several things every 15 seconds:

 * force an autosave
 * svn up
 * check for each "A edits/*", set TTL
 * open the documents in SubEthaEdit and share them
 * svn ci
 * check for each "M pages/*" and refresh their TTL
 * for pages that has TTL expired, close the document, record it.
 * svn rm edits/* those pages.
 * svn ci
 * loop

Note that the SubEthaEdit window will pop out constantly; currently, you
really need a dedicated machine to do this.

=head2 Kwiki Machine

First, install the B<Kwiki::Archive::SVK> plugin, run F<index.cgi>
once, then share the repository located at F<kwiki_path/plugin/archive>
using F<svnserve> or WebDAV, and make it accessible form the SubEtha machine.

Now install the B<Kwiki::Edit::SubEtha> plugin.  For nonshared (normal)
pages, the user will see:

 * provides an "Edit" item as normal.
 * for OSX people, an additional "SubEthaEdit" button:
 ** shows a page explaining what's it about
 ** explain the rules
 ** offer a link that, when clicked, does "svk mkdir edits/Pagename"
 ** and redirects to see://hostname/PageName/

For shared (subetha-editable) pages, the user will see:

 * a "Lock" item explaining it's being locked by SubEthaEdit
 * for OSX people, a "SubEthaEdit" button that just links to see://see_url.

=cut
=head1 AUTHORS

Autrijus Tang E<lt>autrijus@autrijus.orgE<gt>,
Ingy döt Net E<lt>ingy@cpan.orgE<gt>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2004 by
Autrijus Tang E<lt>autrijus@autrijus.orgE<gt>,
Ingy döt Net E<lt>ingy@cpan.orgE<gt>.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or 
modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

See L<http://www.perl.com/perl/misc/Artistic.html>
