=head1 NAME

Kwiki::Docsite - Wiki way doing documentation. Compile whole wiki into a directroy of HTML.

=head1 VERSION

Version 0.01

=cut
=head1 SYNOPSIS

This is a plugin that compiles whole site to static HTML.  Which then can be
archived and shipped as a complete documentation.

  # Install this plugin
  > kwiki -install Kwiki::Docsite
  # Compile the whole site
  > kwiki -docsite /path/to/output

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Writing documentation isn't really easy, especially when proper documentation
writting formet is difficult to learn.  For (a bad) example, docbook. Docbook
is purely structured SGML based documentation system, which is really
difficult to start with.

C<Kwiki::Docksite> helps doing documentation by starting a Kwiki site first,
and write all your documentation just using Kwiki's wiki syntax. At the end,
you use C<kwiki -docsite> shell command to compile whole wiki site into a
directory of static HTML files. Which can then be shipped to your client.

All page links are converted to point to HTML files, external image links are
downloaded locally if possible. So nothing really breaks. So you do not have
to remember all the SGML or XML markups. The best part of this wiki way,
collaborative documenting is possible because you'll setup a fullly functional
wiki site to write documents.

=cut
=head1 AUTHOR

Kang-min Liu, C<< <gugod at gugod.org> >>

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to
C<bug-kwiki-docsite at rt.cpan.org>, or through the web
interface at
L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=Kwiki-Docsite>.
I will be notified, and then you'll automatically be notified of
progress on your bug as I make changes.

=head1 SUPPORT

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

    perldoc Kwiki::Docsite

You can also look for information at:

=over 4

=item * AnnoCPAN: Annotated CPAN documentation

L<http://annocpan.org/dist/Kwiki-Docsite>

=item * CPAN Ratings

L<http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Kwiki-Docsite>

=item * RT: CPAN's request tracker

L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=Kwiki-Docsite>

=item * Search CPAN

L<http://search.cpan.org/dist/Kwiki-Docsite>

=back

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

Copyright 2006 Kang-min Liu, all rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.
