=head1 NAME 

Kwiki::Attachments - Kwiki Page Attachments Plugin

=head1 SYNOPSIS

=over 4

=item 1.
Install Kwiki::Attachments

=item 2.
Run 'kwiki -add Kwiki::Attachments'

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head3 B<General>

Kwiki::Attachments gives a Kwiki wiki the ability to upload, store and manage
file attachments on any page. By default, if you have an image creation module 
such as Imager or Image::Magick installed, then a thumbnail will be created for 
every supported image file type that is uploaded. Thumbnails are displayed on 
the attachments page, and can also be displayed on wiki pages via the wafl
directives described in the next paragraph. The thumbnail files have "thumb_"
prepended to the original filename and are not displayed separately  in the 
attachment page or widget. For this reason, you cannot upload files beginning
with "thumb_".

=head3 B<WAFL>

This module provides 3 wafl tags which can be used to link to or display
attachments in a Kwiki page.

=over 4

=item *
C<{file:[page/]filename}> creates a link to attachment I<filename>.

=item *
C<{img:[page/]filename}> displays attachment I<filename>.

=item *
C<{thumb:[page/]filename}> displays the thumbnail for attachment I<filename>.

=back

=head3 B<Configuration Options> 

[kwiki_base_dir]/config/attachments.yaml

=over 4

=item * 
attachments_skip: [regular_expression]

Kwiki::Attachments may be configured to reject the upload of files with names
matched by the given regular expression.  By default, it is set to reject files
beginning with "thumb_" or "." and those ending with "~" or ".bak".

=item *  make_thumbnails: [on|off]

This flag controls whether thumbnails are created from uploaded image files.
It is set to 'on' by default. 

=item *  im_override: [on|off]

If both Imager.pm and Image::Magick.pm are available, Kwiki::Attachments uses
Imager, unless im_override is set to 'on'. This parameter has no effect if only
one of the two image manipulation modules is installed. It is set to 'off' by
default.

=head1 AUTHOR

Sue Spence <sue_cpan@pennine.com>

This module is based almost entirely on work by
Eric Lowry <eric@clubyo.com> and Ingy döt Net <ingy@cpan.org>

Hacked for IE client file names by Chris Fedde <cfedde@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2005. Sue Spence. All rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

See http://www.perl.com/perl/misc/Artistic.html
