=head1 NAME

Ajax - Simple Javascript Ajaxing

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    var data = Ajax.get(url);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Ajax is a simple class for Ajax support in Javascript. It supports get,
put and post methods. It supports synchronous and asynchronous requests.
It supports basic auth for requests.

=head1 BASIC STUFF

Ajax has the following methods:

=over

=item * Ajax.get

    Ajax.get(url [, callback, params]);

=item * Ajax.put

    Ajax.put(url, data [, callback, params]);

=item * Ajax.post

    Ajax.post(url, data [, callback, params]);

=back

C<url> is always required.

C<data> is required for C<put> and C<post>.

If you don't specify a C<callback> for any of these, the function is
synchronous and returns the resulting content.

C<params> is an object of extra parameters. The valid parameters are:

=over

=item * url

The request url string.

=item * data

The data string to be sent on a C<put> or C<post>. You may nee to call
C<encodeURIComponent()> on this string.

=item * onComplete

The callback handler that gets passed the result string if everything
goes well.

=item * contentType

The content-type header.

=item * userid

The user id string for a request that uses basic auth. Use this field to
use basic auth.

=item * passwd

The password for a request that uses basic auth.

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

Ingy döt Net <ingy@cpan.org>
Kang-min Liu <gugod@gugod.org>
Chris Dent <cdent@burningchrome.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2006, 2007. Ingy döt Net. All rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

See L<http://www.perl.com/perl/misc/Artistic.html>

=cut
