=head1 NAME

Kwiki::Icons::Crystal - Kwiki Crystal Icons plugin
  
=head1 SYNOPSIS

 $ cpan Kwiki::Icons::Crystal
   $ cd /path/to/kwiki
   $ vim plugins
   $ kwiki -update
  
=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a Kwiki icons package that includes icons from the Crystal SVG KDE icon theme.  

=head1 NOTA BENE

The icons are in RGBA PNG format, which can't currently be displayed properly on IE for
Windows without a shameful hack.  IE will force the images down to binary transparency,
though, and defaults to using a silver background.  I modified all the images to set a
white background.  It looks okay for anyone with a white background, but unfortunately,
it's not a good solution.

=head2 Icons

The following icons are provided:
  
=over 4

=item * edit

=item * favorites

=item * guest_book

=item * home

=item * new_page

=item * plugin_index

=item * recent_changes

=item * revisions (now the same as revisions_previous)

=item * revisions_current

=item * revisions_next

=item * revisions_previous

=item * user_preferences

=item * weather

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

The icons have been packaged by Matt Howard after borrowing work by 
Ian Langworth <langworth.com>.
  
Credits to Brian Ingerson and Jooon for further tweaks.
  
=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Kwiki>, L<Kwiki::Icons>, L<http://www.everaldo.com/>
  
=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2004. Ian Langworth. All rights reserved.
  
The Crystal SVG icon set is from the KDE packages.  They are licensed
under the LGPL with an additional section that defines "source code" in
the context of graphics.  For more information, see 
L<http://artist.kde.org/new/license.html>

The code borrowed from Ian's work falls under the General Public License.

See L<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html>
